This software SG++ was developed at the Technische Universitaet
Muenchen, who is the owner of the software.

According to good scientific practice, publications on results
achieved in whole or in part due to SG++ should cite at least one
paper presenting the SG++ software.

The owner wishes to make the software available to all users to use,
reproduce, modify, distribute and redistribute also for commercial
purposes under the following conditions of the original BSD
license. Linking the SG++ module statically or dynamically with other
modules is making a combined work based on SG++. Thus, the terms and
conditions of this license cover the whole combination. As a special
exception, the copyright holders of SG++ give you permission to link
it with independent modules or to instantiate templates and macros
from SG++'s source files to produce an executable, regardless of the
license terms of these independent modules, and to copy and distribute
the resulting executable under terms of your choice, provided that you
also meet, for each linked independent module, the terms and
conditions of this license of that module.


Copyright (c) 2009, Technische Universitaet Muenchen 

All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met:

Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. Redistributions
in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of
conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. All advertising
materials mentioning features or use of this software must display the
following acknowledgement: "This product includes the software SG++
developed by the Technische Universitaet Muenchen (TUM), Germany, and
its contributors." Neither the name of the Technische Universitaet
Muenchen, Munich, Germany nor the names of its contributors may be
used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS
"AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR
A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT
HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,
DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY
THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE
OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

--
Dirk Pflueger (pflueged@in.tum.de)